---
layout: post
title: navU
description: A navigation app for new students on campus.
image: assets/images/navU_cover_02.png
nav-menu: true
---

<!-- Main -->
<div id="main" class="alt">
	<section id="one">
		<div class="inner">
			<p>A hybrid schedule and navigation app for new students on campus.</p>
			<div class="row">
				<div class="4u 12u$(medium)">
					<h4>Project Deliverables</h4>
					<ul class="alt"><li>Create a technology based solution that solves an information problem.</li>
					<li>User interface</li>
					<li>Tappable prototype</li>
					</ul>
				</div>
				<div class="4u 12u$(medium)">
					<h4>My Role</h4>
					<ul class="alt">
					<li>User research</li>
					<li>Persona creation</li>
					<li>UX/UI design</li>
                    </ul>
				</div>
				<div class="4u$ 12u$(medium)">
					<h4>Project Timeline</h4>
					<ul class="alt"><li>Spring Quarter 2017 - 10 weeks </li>
					<li>INFO 200: Intellectual Foundations of Informatics</li>
					<li>Redesign: 2 weeks</li></ul>
				</div>
			</div>
			<hr class="major" />
			<!-- Project Overview -->
			<h3 id="elements">Original Project Overview</h3>
			<h4>Problem and Solution</h4>
			<p>Being a new student at a giant university can be hard. Finding classes on a huge campus is almost impossible, and discovering available clubs and events can be overwhelming. My team mates and I decided to address both of these problems by creating a navigation app that not only autoloads your schedule and helps you get around campus, but also allows you to discover new clubs and events that are otherwise hard to find.</p>
			<h4>My Work</h4>
			<p>For this project, I conducted user interviews to find out the problems that students faced when they were new on campus, as well as investigate the solutions that students did use. These interviews revealed some major points: <b>campus was huge and hard to get around</b>, <b>finding information about clubs online was nearly impossible</b>, and <b>most students did very little with their between-class downtime</b>. These three takeaways helped us focus the app design.</p>
			<p>Most students used Google Maps to get around, which let us focus a little less on the actual directions portion of hte app and more on finding information about buildings and events. My interviews also led to the discovery that most buildings on campus do not have visible signs, making them hard to identify.</p>
			<p>Afer conducting research, I created some user personas to help inform our designs. Finally, after another member created our initial paper wireframes, I designed the user interface and screens that would be used in our final prototype.</p>
			<hr class="major" />
			<!-- Redesign  -->
			<h3 id="elements">Redesign Overview</h3>
			<p></p>
		</div>
	</section>
</div>